-----------------------------------GIT Notes---------------------
 Firoj Khan
Software Engineer
SenSen Networks

 
 Install Git-2.27.0-64-bit.exe on your local machine.
 Then create a directory something line salesmanagementrepo
 and navigate into that directory and type
 . git init=To initialize a git repository.
 . git status=Shows the current state of the changes in the local repo
 Create a new file called "firoj.txt",Now this file in untracked 
 state so to commit we need to stage it.
 . git init = Creates a git repository in that folder.
 . git add filename=stage the file for commit.
 . git commit -m "message"=all the files we staged will be commited.
 . git log=We can view all the commits to repository.
 . git reset HEAD~1 =Remove last commit
 
 . git branch branchName=creates a new branch.
 . git branch=Shows the current branches in the repository.
 . git checkout branchName=Will switch netween branches.
 
 Merge:-
   Goto the baserepository using 
   . git checkout firoj
   And run the git merge branchName
   You want to merge into develop branch above.
   . git merege firoj1
   
 Rebase:-
     - re-write the commits
     - either re-write / merging the commits in to branch.
     . git rebase -i HEAD~2
     - To edit the last 2 commits.
  If you want to re-write the commits of another branch to
  base branch then also we can use rebase.
     . git checkout firoj
     . git rebase firoj1
     
 . git stash =To pause the current changes of
   the branch so that you can switch between
   branches.
   
   . git stash
     ->switch branch
     ->come back
     ->git stash apply
 
 INTRODUCTION
 . There are many version control systems both 
 commercial and open source.Few of them are
  -Version control system (VCS)
  -Distributed Version control system (DVCS)
     . Few examples of DVCS are Concurrent Version System.
      (CVS), Subversion (SVN) and GIT.
 . The main difference beetween GIT and others
   is if network break down is there, you are in
   trouble.GIT you can work locally and can sync
   your chenges at latter time.
 Working With GIT 
 . git init-Creates an master repository.
 . git add-Adds a file file to the repository.
 . git status-Shows the status of the repository
 . git commit -m --Message "first file"
 . git reset HEAD "file" -to move back to
   untracked status.
 . git --cached rm -to untrack a file changes
 . git tree -to see full commits.
 
 GIT LOG
 . GIT LOG -To get the history of repository
 . git log --format=fuller (author & committer)
 . git log --format=raw = hash of commit
 . git log oneline
 . Git log --oneline --graph --decorate
 . git cat-file -p 723d8c2=To se commit info
 . echo "Banana" | git hash-object -- stdin
